do you affirm even in the broader sense
someone's identity as a therapist and
the answer is well no that isn't what
you do at all you explore their identity
with them and you help them
differentiate it it's an open question
someone comes to you why because they're
miserable that's why they come and so
what you do is you think okay well
you're miserable why well I feel bad all
the time okay you feel bad all the time
diagnosis complete it's like you haven't
even started what do you mean feel bad
are you anxious are you obsessive are
you depressed are you frustrated are you
disappointed are you angry are you in
pain are you vengeful are you physically
ill you have bad relationships with
others you have no relationships with
others is someone torturing you to death
there's 12 differentiations of I feel
bad that's just to get the ball rolling